Reorganized install-guide (#470)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/install-guide/index.md

# Getting Started with the Microsoft Quantum Development Kit #

> If you want to jump straight into Q# without any downloads, you can [try it out online using Jupyter Notebooks](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.tryqonline). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to jump straight into Q# with a zero-download experience, you can [try it out online using Jupyter Notebooks](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.tryqonline). 
```

> Or, you can proceed directly to installing/working locally in your preferred environment: [Setup Your Machine](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.setup). 

Author: Absolutely, my mistake! Thanks for the stylistic and technical notes in general--very helpful as I get into this.
